hello very good
to May 28 , 2013 in this video
We are accompanied by a copy of
vogue
8 years
in this video I'm going to show you a
transplant because it has not come to me
convince the pot that I put
too big for the specimen but
since I did not have another one
the plant there
and also
I want to transplant for another reason
why
last year
I burned myself
in sunlight
the earth dried up too
and almost all the foliage dried up
for a reason of those I also want
change the substrate because I see that
we are like this i am good
one of the reasons is because of the size of
the flower pot
and for changing the substrate for this
poor drainage and more airy
has sprouted it puts it pretty much as almost
all
you can take care
and if you got a lot and now it has sprouted
again but it does not arrive
does not come to sprout at all
therefore but it does not get much higher
of foliage
to the back of a side
from the Mount
now when you have all the material for
do the transplant the error of
show
is the transplant we are going to use
a fork to untangle the root
a punch or our bander to put
the earth
volcanic earth so you do not know that
in the volcanic land
the earth is a porous substrate and to
do not know what the face is
to retain moisture and that's why
as well
the bug what you want is a substrate
loose in front
and now it is imputed has also been
it supports very well in cold but there is no need
let the substrate dry a lot if not
someone will pass
We are going to use
cantillo
the substrate was universal
that carries perlite
for the humidity let's mix with iu
earth and volcanic gravel
Let's go there
when you are
I will teach you the root
we take care the moss to return it to
use
we are going to use a wide pot and
round
I already know that it's the same a little like
bigger than this time is that I do not have
plus
also and it will also come out of here
what
I want to reproduce a lot very much root
in the pot then these flowerpots
I am for the
to breed root base of growth and what
let's separate from here so that
reproduce more root you know that the
two a lot of root are produced and the
those who do not know both of them have to
transplant every two years or every year
because many roots are produced
easily
but be careful not to lower your
traces must be left to dry but not
completely
and next year I'll show you the same
copy and we have it already in a planter
according to your style your size
your idea
When you finish transplanting the
I'll show
it was clear
and it is already
we have put a little bit of we have
removed almost everyone that had
we have put only around the trunk
to hold moisture
this model is quite large but at
produce enough roots the tree
in a few months everything will come
look at the transplant last year at
look at the entire illegal root
and it removes a fat one that was also
clogging and it was not aesthetically pretty
and good
we'll see to see how it works
in the next year I'll show it again
we will remove the next transplant
until next time and I hope you like it
greetings to my friend bona bd and my
friends jaime lamb
is another partner that is not the name
until next time